refactor: align project with nx npm preset (#39)
ngworker/lumberjack-next: CONTRIBUTING.md

## ESLint parser

As this workspace has a small amount of projects, we opt in to use the ESLint TypeScript parser globally (see the `parser` option in `.eslintrc.json`) in order to enable type-depending lint rules such as some from SonarLint.

## Creating new applications

> In this workspace we have chosen to use the **npm nx preset** which has the following layout:

Reviewer: suggestion: Improve formatting. Make the description more precise.
```suggestion
In this workspace we have chosen to use the `npm` Nx preset which has the following workspace layout:
```

```json
  "workspaceLayout": {
    "appsDir": "e2e",
    "libsDir": "packages"
  }
```

That means that our applications are created by default in the `e2e` folder and our libraries in the `packages` folder.

> However, this is semantically incorrect and we have also decided that our application will leave in the packages folder.

Reviewer: issue: Correct typo.
```suggestion
However, this is semantically incorrect and we have also decided that our application will live in the packages folder.
```

When creating a new app there are some steps that need to be taken in order to bypass the default behavior of the **npm nx preset**.

> First, we need to modify the workspace layout inside the `nx.json` file from

Reviewer: suggestion: Emphasize that this is a temporary measure.
```suggestion
First, we need to **temporarily** modify the workspace layout inside the `nx.json` file from
```

```json
  "workspaceLayout": {
    "appsDir": "e2e",
    "libsDir": "packages"
  }
```

To

```json
  "workspaceLayout": {
    "appsDir": "packages",
    "libsDir": "e2e"
  }
```

Once that's completed we can create our application with the corresponding generator command.

Finally we MUST revert the changes made to the `nx.json` file.

> I cases where the application generator create a companion e2e project, we need to move it to the `e2e` folder. This can be done using the `@nrwl/workspace:move` command.

Reviewer: issue: Correct typo. Correct grammar. Improve decisiveness to increase the impact of the second sentence.
```suggestion
In cases where the application generator creates a companion e2e project, we need to move it to the `e2e` folder. This is done using the `@nrwl/workspace:move` generator.
```

```bash

> nx generate @nrwl/workspace:move <path/app-name> --projectName=<app-name>

Reviewer: suggestion: Improve format description.
```suggestion
nx generate move [<grouping-folder>/]<e2e-project-directory-name> --project-name=<e2e-project-name>
```
